# Napoleon's Legacy

Basically a recap of the events from the Napoleonic Wars in this mod to 1836.
Contents will be changed from time to time when more plausible details arise.

## Point of Divergence

In 1812, Napoleon successfully defeats Russia and forces her to sue for peace.
With a large number of possibilities, the campaign could have ended in a French
victory.

## History

### Aftermath of Russia

Russia gives up Lithuania, which is merged with the Duchy of Warsaw, and thus
the Polish-Lithuanian Commonwealth is reborn. They are also forced to rejoin the
Continental System against Britain.

Napoleon then refocuses his efforts on winning the long Peninsular War. He
slowly and gradually pushes the British forces back to Portugal and pacifies the
Spanish guerrillas, and finally invades and captures Portugal. Portugal is split
into three nations as punishment for their fight, all of which are directly or
indirectly ruled by Spain.

### Resolution of the War in North America

In North America, the War of 1812 continues long past its real-life end-date, as
with the war against the French Empire continuing, the British continue to raid
American ships and impress their crews. With the failure of the efforts in
Spain, Britain focuses all its might on the Americas, and the long blockade of
its coasts devastates the fledgling industrial economy of New England. As a
pro-British Federalist stronghold who had been opposed to the war from the
beginning, talk of secession from the Union abounds, which eventually leads to
an 1816 convention of Northern states that ends in a declaration "expelling" the
South from the Union. The Southern USA declares war on them, but their
resistance, combined with British support and the continued guerrilla war waged
by the Native Americans in the North eventually lead to an American defeat. The
South recognizes the independence of the North and agrees to withdraw its
settlements from the disputed Northwest Territory, which Britain makes a buffer
state out of by creating a land for Native Americans to live in. Now dominated
by the Democratic-Republican Party and the Southern landowners, a new
Constitutional Convention is called in the South that grants much greater power
to the individual states, leading to their restructuring as the Confederate
States of America.

### Death of Napoleon and the War of the Sixth Coalition

Napoleon continues his undisputed rule over Europe, and focuses his efforts on
increasing the size of France's fleet for an inevitable final battle with
Britain. Knowing that they for a fact have better admirals, he focuses on
quality rather than quantity, which leads to Britain increasing its own fleet
size, straining the resources of its blockaded nation even more.

However, in 1823, in the midst of planning his final campaign against Perfidious
Albion, the Emperor is stricken with a cancer of the stomach. As Napoleon II,
his heir from his marriage to the Hapsburg princess Marie Louise, is merely 12
years of age, and his second son, Alexandre, the heir to the Kingdom of Italy,
is merely 8, the Emperor spends his last year planning with his ministers and
marshals on how to run the Empire when he is gone. Napoleon passes away on April
4, 1824, and is mourned by millions in the streets of Paris.

Almost immediately, a new coalition against France is formed. Britain, riddled
by debt already, raises taxes and borrows even more in order to fund its
continental allies, which include Prussia, Austria, and Russia, who are all
eager to gain back the territory they have lost over the last quarter of a
century. An addition to this alliance is King Murat I of Naples, a Napoleonic
marshal, who secretly turns traitor in the midst of a beginning of what will
eventually turn into full-fledged madness, and who harbors an insane delusion
that he will be able to unite all of Italy under his rule. In mid-1824, war is
declared against France, and a long and bloody war begins.

Without the genius of Napoleon I, and with its foes having reformed their armies
along Napoleonic tactics, France has a very tough fight. Though aided by its
Polish allies, who are able to at least tie down the Russian armies while
Austria and Prussia march into the Confederation of the Rhine, the Marshals are
shocked to find that many of the German princes of the Confederation now rise
against their French masters, complicating matters even further.

The Italian front, at least, goes well, as Eug√®ne de Beauharnais, regent of the
Kingdom of Italy, holds the Austrian border while invading Naples and soundly
defeating the foolhardy invasion attempts of Murat. In Iberia, the pacified
Spanish merely hold a few pathetic uprisings, but the Portuguese prove far less
accommodating. A large uprising drives the weak French states from the nation,
and France quickly recognizes Portugal as free again, caring little for
comparatively worthless territory in order to ensure another front is not
formed. As the war consumes the lives of tens of thousands on the continent, the
Marshals turn their eyes to Britain.

#### The Invasion of the British Isles

With the colossal fleet of the French forces, France strikes a blow against the
United Kingdom. Spread out over the world, the fleet struggles to hold back the
French ships, and destroys many more ships than they lose. However, they are
unable to prevent a large number of French troops from reaching Ireland, where a
French-backed rebellion for independence springs up among the Catholic populace.
With the aid of tens of thousands of French troops, the brave Irish defeat the
loyalists and force a surrender of the British troops. With this new obstacle,
Britain, strained on two fronts, suffering from a massive loss of prestige, and
faced with a bankrupted treasury and an overtaxed populace growing increasingly
frustrated with the oligarchy that rules them, imposes a mass conscription. This
break with hundreds of years of history inflames popular and liberal sentiment,
and leads to a large uprising against the nobility and the unpopular King George
IV.

With the Royal Navy split as well, with a large number of sailors mutinying,
the French navy is able to successfully invade Britain. Faced with a massive
French force on their island, along with a massive number of rebels, the British
royal family and the conservative elements of the aristocracy and gentry flee
for their overseas dominion of Canada. As the Scottish-heavy Imperial forces
prove mainly loyal to the Monarchy, the colonies remain stable, with the
exception of India, whose loss of support from Britain leads to many Indian
princes and a popular uprising to force Britain out of much of the land it had
won over the previous few decades.

With Ireland and Britain now out of the war, the continental coalition are cut
off from a large force of funding. Further, the Prussian and Russian forces have
proven to be weaker than expected, as the Poles continue to hold back the
Russians while scaring the Prussians enough to prevent them from doing much more
than occupying a few of the weaker states of the Confederation of the Rhine in
the North. Austrian forces, however, prove very effective in Germany, and taking
advantage of German frustration with French Rule, take much of Southern and
Central Germany. Yet France holds much of Germany as well, and with a line
dividing Europe in half, the war seems to be at a stalemate.

### Congress of Europe

In late 1826, the diplomat Talleyrand successfully persuades the Marshalte and
the Coalition to seek a general peace. With France promising to make
concessions, tentative negotiations take place, and eventually both sides call
for an indefinite ceasefire and a massive Congress of Nations to draw the map of
Europe, hopefully once and for all. Meeting in Dresden, a city that has seen
over three sieges in the war, and near the Prussian, Austrian, and French
forces, diplomats from the major powers spend months planning a settlement with
Europe.

It is quickly released by the pragmatists in France that Austria, with a
Hapsburg princess ruling as regent of France and the grandson of the Austrian
Emperor on the throne of France, is likely to work with them to frustrate the
ambitions of its other rivals. Metternich, leading the Austrian delegation,
proves receptive to these overtures, and secretly working together, France and
Austria form a diplomatic coalition that soon frustrates the ambitions of
Prussia and Russia.

The redrawn map of Europe, gradually forming, obviously favors France and
Austria. Concessions are made to Austria by France by returning their Illyrian
provinces, a splitting of influence in the northern Kingdom of Italy, granting
independence to the Confederation of the Rhine, and the return of Tirol to
Austria from Bavaria.

Prussia, performing weakly in the war, is given nothing but a guarantee of its
current borders and the removal of French influence from the nearby weak German
states. Russia, crude and unskilled at diplomacy, finds itself entirely empty
handed due to the machinations of Metternich and Talleyrand. Poland-Lithuania is
recognized by all the nations, France's border is agreed to be the Rhine, and
its other conquests, while not officially recognized, are generally
acknowledged. Spain is left a satellite under the rule of Joseph Bonaparte, the
royal family of Portugal retains its homeland, quickly merging with Brazil as
the United Kingdom, or the Reino Unido, and Murat is able to retain both the
throne of Naples and his delusions of grandeur. The new British and Irish
republics are recognized, and a pliable Britain agrees to give up Malta, which
is restored to its most legitimate non-French or British rulers, the Knights of
Saint John. The Papal States are restored at the insistence of both the Austrian
Emperor and Marie Louise, who is renowned at the Imperial court of France for
her public piety.

### Revolution in Russia

While the Congress agreement pleases many Germans and Frenchmen, the Russians
are infuriated. A group of liberal officers, influenced by what they have seen
on the Continent, forms a conspiracy to replace Tsar Nicholas I with a somewhat
reluctant Grand Duke Constantine. Aided by the general antipathy of the
conservative elements of the army, who are disgusted with the conduct of the
recent Tsars towards the European wars, the conspiracy is successful, and Russia
becomes a liberal monarchy.

### The Future

Over the next decade, Europe sees a general peace as the war-weary nations lick
their wounds. It is not a boring decade, however. Reactionary elements spring up
in Russia, desiring a return to holy autocracy. The Hungarians in Austria, with
the now strengthened position of the Germans begin to plot for their
independence. Poland-Lithuania eyes its neighbors hungrily, looking to rebuild
the ancient borders it possessed while the millions of Germans in the
Confederation of the Rhine begin to express liberal ideas of unifying the
Germanic people. The British Republic thrives as the Industrial Revolution
begins to greatly accelerate, while the Irish Republic falls to increasingly
dictatorial rule under a strongly Catholic faction. In other regions of the
world, the Spanish and British governments, both in exile, look for ways
to regain their previous holdings, while the two nations of the United States of
America, greatly humbled by the war of 1812, look to find places for themselves
on the continent under the threatening northern gaze of the British monarchy.
The coming century will be one of violence, as nations will soon face the strong
forces of nationalism from their oppressed peoples while facing internal
ideological divisions. The Legacy of Napoleon I "the Great" then, is one of
unmatched brilliance and glory, but not one of stability or peace.
