capital = 1859
primary_culture = amhara
culture = oromo
religion = coptic
government = absolute_monarchy
plurality = 0.0
nationalvalue = nv_tradition
literacy = 0.07
non_state_culture_literacy = 0.03
is_releasable_vassal = no

slavery = yes_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = none_voting
public_meetings = no_meeting
press_rights = state_press
trade_unions = no_trade_unions
voting_system = jefferson_method
political_parties = underground_parties

wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools

#New Reforms
conscription = four_year_draft
debt_law = peonage
penal_system = capital_punishment
child_labor = child_labor_legalcitizens_rights = culture_voting_only

ruling_party = ETH_conservative
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 13
	conservative = 69
	reactionary = 18
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

# Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 0
nonstate_consciousness = 0

1861.1.1 = {
	oob = "/1861/ETH_oob.txt"
	set_global_flag = is_negusa_nagast
	literacy = 0.10
	non_state_culture_literacy = 0.05

	foreign_weapons = yes_foreign_weapons
	foreign_training = yes_foreign_training
	admin_reform = yes_admin_reform

	# Technologies
	flintlock_rifles = 1

}
