capital = 703
primary_culture = polish
religion = catholic
government = democracy
plurality = 25.0
nationalvalue = nv_productivity
literacy = 0.6
non_state_culture_literacy = 0.4
civilized = yes
prestige = 1

# Political reforms
slavery = no_slavery
upper_house_composition = appointed
vote_franschise = wealth_voting
public_meetings = yes_meeting
press_rights = censored_press
trade_unions = non_socialist
voting_system = first_past_the_post
political_parties = non_secret_ballots

# Social Reforms
wage_reform = no_minimum_wage
work_hours = no_work_hour_limit
safety_regulations = no_safety
health_care = no_health_care
unemployment_subsidies = no_subsidies
pensions = no_pensions 
school_reforms = no_schools

# New Reforms
conscription = no_draft
debt_law = peonage
penal_system = capital_punishment
child_labor = child_labor_legalcitizens_rights = primary_culture_only

ruling_party = KRA_conservative
last_election = 1836.1.1
upper_house = {
	fascist = 0
	liberal = 27
	conservative = 65
	reactionary = 8
	anarcho_liberal = 0
	socialist = 0
	communist = 0
}

schools = culture_tech_school

# Technologies
post_napoleonic_thought = 1
flintlock_rifles = 1
bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
army_command_principle = 1
post_nelsonian_thought = 1
the_command_principle = 1
private_banks = 1
no_standard = 1
guild_based_production = 1
classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
enlightenment_thought = 1
piston_steam_engine = 1
publishing_industry = 1

# Inventions

#Starting Consciousness
consciousness = 2
nonstate_consciousness = 0

1861.1.1 = {
# Technologies
	post_napoleonic_thought = 1
	flintlock_rifles = 1
	bronze_muzzle_loaded_artillery = 1
	military_staff_system = 1
	army_command_principle = 1
	private_banks = 1
	no_standard = 1
	freedom_of_trade = 1
	guild_based_production = 1
	organized_factories = 1
	classicism_n_early_romanticism = 1
	late_enlightenment_philosophy = 1
	idealism = 1
	enlightenment_thought = 1
	ideological_thought = 1
	piston_steam_engine = 1
	publishing_industry = 1
	mechanical_production = 1
	interchangeable_parts = 1
	mechanized_mining = 1
	clean_coal = 1
	cheap_iron = 1
	cheap_steel = 1
	experimental_railroad = 1
	early_railroad = 1
	iron_railroad = 1
	basic_chemistry = 1
	medicine = 1
	inorganic_chemistry = 1
	post_nelsonian_thought = 1
	the_command_principle = 1

#Inventions
}
